this top secret recipe for garlic mashed
potatoes comes from an all recipes
member who says I guarantee that these
are the best potatoes you've ever tasted
this recipe makes enough for 10 hungry
people start by adding a pinch of salt
to a large pot of water and bring it to
a boil meanwhile rinse 2 and a half
pounds of unpeeled red potatoes and cut
them into quarters
once the water has boiled add the
potatoes to the pot and cook them for
about 45 minutes while the potatoes are
cooking peel and chop 2 tablespoons of
garlic
and when the potatoes are tender but
still firm drain the water out from the
pot
add them to a mixing bowl and stir in
one and a half sticks of butter the
butter should be at room temperature add
3/4 of a cup of grated Romano cheese 2
tablespoons of chopped garlic
a teaspoon of salt
and one teaspoon of dried oregano or you
can use fresh oregano if you prefer you
will need 1 tablespoon if you use fresh
use a potato masher or electric mixer to
mash all the ingredients together you
can mash the potatoes to any texture you
like whether you prefer a chunkier
mashed potato or continue to mash longer
if you like your potatoes smoother
garlic mashed potatoes even though the
name says top secret you'll be rewarded
for sharing this recipe